# DeleteGood. Deleting a Product

**Section:** API 1.0
**URL:** https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050672152-DeleteGood-Deleting-a-Product
**Article ID:** 360050672152
**Updated:** 2021-05-24T02:06:05Z

---

/[API ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/sections/360009245591-API)/ DeleteGood. Deleting a Product

#### Content

[1 Parameters Transferred in the Query](#h_01ER7CH2PY5KJ0A34SGN960920)

[2 How Does It Work?](#h_01ER7CH9Q5959SW5ZC5BFN707C)

[3 Example in PHP](#h_01ER7CHGKW3Z4WZZXKE29QR6GD)

To integrate with other services and applications, we recommend setting up integration via Zapier.
You will be able to transfer data between services without the help of programmers.
Learn more about [Integration via Zapier.](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050406312-Integration-with-Zapier-com-)

You can delete a product from your InfluencerSoft shop by requesting a query to the API service using software methods. You can delete each product only once using the function.

The query is sent by the POST method in the URL-encode format to the address:  http://username.influencersoft.com/api/**DeleteGood **where **username **is the login of the user in the system, as well as their domain of the third level in the InfluencerSoft service.

## Parameters Transferred in the Query

- good_name is the identifier of the new product; it must be unique within the account (required).

## How Does It Work?

You send product ID to the DeleteGood API function.

Your system will receive the result of the function performing.

The response is coded in JSON format. For more details, see the [API Service Responses](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050392312-API-Response-Statuses-Codes-and-Descriptions-).

## Example in PHP

In the example, we delete a product with the “super_tovar” ID. The login in the system is **username**.

GetHash Function forms the hash to the transferred data.

CheckHash Function checks the hash to the service response.

CheckHash Function checks the hash to the service response.

// Login to the InfluencerSoft system
 $user_rs['user_id'] = 'username';
  // The key for forming a hash. See API section (the link in the bottom right corner of the personal account)
 $user_rs['user_rps_key'] = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX';

// Forming the array of bought goods for transferring to the API
$send_data['good_name'] = 'super_tovar';

// Forming the hash to the transmitted data
$send_data['hash'] = GetHash($send_data, $user_rs);

// Calling the DeleteGood function and decoding the received data
$resp = json_decode(Send('http://username.influencersoft.com/api/DeleteGood', $send_data));

// Checking the service response
if(!CheckHash($resp, $user_rs)){
	echo "Error! The response hash is not true!"; print_r($resp);
	exit;
}

if($resp->error_code == 0)
	echo "The product is deleted.”  Service Response: {$resp->error_text}";
else
	echo "Error code:{$resp->error_code} - description: {$resp->error_text}";

// =========== Functions of sending, receiving and processing a response ============

// Sending the query to the API service
function Send($url, $data)
{
	$ch = curl_init();
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_URL, $url);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_POST, true);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS, http_build_query($data));
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER, FALSE);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST, 2);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER, true); // outputting the response to the variable

	$res = curl_exec($ch);

	curl_close($ch);
	return $res;
}

// Forming the transferred to the API data hash
function GetHash($params, $user_rs) {
	$params = http_build_query($params);
	$user_id = $user_rs['user_id'];
	$secret = $user_rs['user_rps_key'];
	$params = "$params::$user_id::$secret";
	return md5($params);
}

// Checking the received response hash
function CheckHash($resp, $user_rs) {
	$secret = $user_rs['user_rps_key'];
	$code = $resp->error_code;
	$text = $resp->error_text;
	$hash = md5("$code::$text::$secret");
	if($hash == $resp->hash)
		return true; // the hash is correct
	else
		return false; // the hash is not correct
}

**Articles**

*[AddGood. Creating a New Product](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050671852-AddGood-Creating-a-New-Product)*

*[UpdateGood. Changing the Settings of the Existing Product](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050672212-UpdateGood-Changing-the-Settings-of-the-Existing-Product-)*

*[GetAllGoods. Getting a List of All Products](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051157731-GetAllGoods-Getting-a-List-of-All-Products)*

## Rate Article