# GetOrders. Getting a List of All Invoices 

**Section:** API 1.0
**URL:** https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051149571-GetOrders-Getting-a-List-of-All-Invoices
**Article ID:** 360051149571
**Updated:** 2021-05-24T02:53:53Z

---

/[API ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/sections/360009245591-API)/ GetOrders. Getting a List of All Invoices

#### Content

[1 Parameters Transferred in the Query ](#h_01ER9CZV1DKPGY0E7KNBVCD9TJ)

[2 How Does It Work? ](#h_01ER9D05ZM1ZFPHVF6ZF05BYH4)

[3 Example of Getting the Orders List in PHP ](#h_01ER9D0EFM93B0RGDBZF2NJGDA)

To integrate with other services and applications, we recommend setting up integration via Zapier.
You will be able to transfer data between services without the help of programmers.
Learn more about [Integration via Zapier](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050406312-Integration-with-Zapier-com-).

**We recommend you use the new **[getOrdersWithGoods ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051149651-GetOrdersWithGoods-Getting-a-Maximally-Detailed-List-of-All-Accounts)**function instead of this one.**

You can get the customer’s order list by requesting a query to the API service using API methods.

Your system will receive the order information in response.

The query is sent by the POST method in the URL encode format to the address: **http://username.influencersoft.com/api/GetOrders** where the **username **is the login of the user in the system, as well as their domain of the third level in the InfluencerSoft service.

## Parameters Transferred in the Query

** **

You can transfer the filters as follows:

date_s - “From” date in unixtime format
date_e - “To” date in unixtime format
paid   - (bool) only paid orderd
goods  - (string or array) products ID
**How Does It Work? **

You call the GetOrders API function.

Your system will receive the result of the function performing an array with order data in the result variable in the response.

The data array will look as follows:

Array (
[0] => stdClass Object(
[id] => order number,
[first_name] => name
[last_name] => surname
[middle_name] => middle name
[email] => email
[phone] => telephone number
[city] => city
[country] => country
[address] => address
[region] => region
[postalcode] => postal code
[created] => date of creating the invoice
[pay_status] => invoice status
[paid] => date of paying the invoice
[type] => order type
[payway] => method of the payment
[comment] => comment on the invoice
[domain] => order domain
[link] => link to paying for the order page
[utm] => stdClass Object
(
[medium] => channel utm-parameter (if exists)
[source] => source utm-parameter (if exists)
[campaign] => campaign utm-parameter (if exists)
[content] => advertisement utm-parameter (if exists)
[term] => key utm-parameter (if exists)
)
[price] => product price
)
)
The response is coded in JSON format. For more details, see the “API Service Responses”.

## Example of Getting the Orders List in PHP

In the example, we get the information for order number 102937.

GetHash Function forms the hash to the transferred data.

CheckHash Function checks the hash to the service response.

// Login to the InfluencerSoft system
$user_rs['user_id'] = 'username';
  // The key for forming a hash. See API section (the link in the bottom right corner of the personal account)
$user_rs['user_rps_key'] = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX';

// Forming the data array for transferring to the API
$send_data = array(
    'date_s' => strtotime('...'),
    'date_e' => strtotime('...'),
    'paid' => true, //or false
    'goods' => array(1, 2, 3)
);

// Forming the hash to the transmitted data
$send_data['hash'] = GetHash($send_data, $user_rs);

// Calling the GetOrders function and decoding the received data
$resp = json_decode(Send('http://username.influencersoft.com/api/GetOrders', $send_data));

// Checking the service response
if(!CheckHash($resp, $user_rs)){
	echo "Error! The response hash is not true!" ; print_r($resp);
	exit;
}

if($resp->error_code == 0){
	echo “Order information”;
	print_r($resp->result);
}
else
	echo "Error code:{$resp->error_code} - description: {$resp->error_text}";

// ===========  Functions of sending, receiving and processing a response ============

// Sending the query to the  API service
function Send($url, $data)
{
	$ch = curl_init();
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_URL, $url);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_POST, true);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS, http_build_query($data));
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER, FALSE);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST, 2);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER, true); // outputting the response to the variable

	$res = curl_exec($ch);

	curl_close($ch);
	return $res;
}

// Forming the transferred to the API data hash
function GetHash($params, $user_rs) {
	$params = http_build_query($params);
	$user_id = $user_rs['user_id'];
	$secret = $user_rs['user_rps_key'];
	$params = "$params::$user_id::$secret";
	return md5($params);
}

// Checking the received response hash
function CheckHash($resp, $user_rs) {
	$secret = $user_rs['user_rps_key'];
	$code = $resp->error_code;
	$text = $resp->error_text;
	$hash = md5("$code::$text::$secret");
	if($hash == $resp->hash)
		return true; // the hash is correct
	else
		return false; // the hash is not correct
}

## Articles

*[GetOrdersWithGoods. Getting a Maximally Detailed List of All Accounts. ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051149651-GetOrdersWithGoods-Getting-a-Maximally-Detailed-List-of-All-Accounts)*

*[CreateOrder. Creating a New Invoice ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050502452-CreateOrder-Creating-a-New-Invoice-)*

*[UpdateOrderStatus. Changing Invoice Status ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050670752-UpdateOrderStatus-Changing-Invoice-Status-)*

*[DeleteOrder. Deleting / Hiding an Invoice ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050556792-DeleteOrder-Deleting-Hiding-an-Invoice-)*

*[GetOrderDetails. Getting Detailed Invoice Information ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050558052-GetOrderDetails-Getting-Detailed-Invoice-Information)*

*[GetOrderInfo. Getting Invoice Information ](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050664772-GetOrderInfo-Getting-Invoice-Information-)*

## Rate Article