# GetAllGoods. Getting a List of All Products

**Section:** API 1.0
**URL:** https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051157731-GetAllGoods-Getting-a-List-of-All-Products
**Article ID:** 360051157731
**Updated:** 2021-05-24T02:17:23Z

---

/[API](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/sections/360009245591-API) / GetAllGoods. Getting a List of All Products

#### Content

[1 Parameters Transferred in the Query](#h_01ER7BM40JPPYVXK6S76N3G98V)

[2 How Does It Work?](#h_01ER7BMFJACERJHE85P2YKVX7C)

[3 Example in PHP](#h_01ER7BMQW92GC046R19N9DEYC9)

To integrate with other services and applications, we recommend setting up integration via Zapier.
You will be able to transfer data between services without the help of programmers.
Learn more about [Integration via Zapier](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050406312-Integration-with-Zapier-com-).
You can get a list of all products from your InfluencerSoft shop by requesting a query to the API service using software methods.

Your system will get an array of products where each element will contain as follows:

- digital product ID in the system (good_id)

- the character identifier of the product (good_name), which is specified and is displayed in the service interface

- product name (good_title), as specified in the shop

- product price (good_sum)

- its type (good_type)

**good_type** can be:

- digital,

- physical

- and with floating price)

The query is sent by the POST method in the URL-encode format to the address: **http://username.influencersoft.com/api/GetAllGoods **where **username **is the login of the user in the system, as well as their domain of the third level in the InfluencerSoft service.

## Parameters Transferred in the Query

There are no parameters for this function. The only parameter transferred is the query hash, as for all other queries.

## How Does It Work?

You call the GetAllGoods API function.

Your system will receive the result of the function performing and an array of products in the result variable.

The array will look as follows:

$resp->result = Array
(
    [0] => array
        (
            [good_id] => 12549
            [good_name] => payment
            [good_title] => PAYMENT
            [good_sum] => 3900.00
            [good_type] => 1
        )

    [1] => array
        (
            [good_id] => 13011
            [good_name] => sales
            [good_title] => SALES
            [good_sum] => 2200.00
            [good_type] => 0
        )
    ......

    [14] => array
        (
            [good_id] => 71546
            [good_name] => super_product
            [good_title] => SUPER PRODUCT 3000
            [good_sum] => 900.00
            [good_type] =>
        )

)

The response is coded in JSON format. For more details, see the [API Service Responses](https://help.justclick.io/archives/511).

## Example in PHP

GetHash Function forms the hash to the transferred data.

CheckHash Function checks the hash to the service response.

// Login to the InfluencerSoft system
 $user_rs['user_id'] = 'username';
  // The key for forming a hash. See API section (the link in the right bottom corner of the personal account)
 $user_rs['user_rps_key'] = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX';

//Forming the hash to the transmitted data
$send_data['hash'] = GetHash(null, $user_rs);

// Calling the GetAllGoods function and decoding the received data
$resp = json_decode(Send('http://username.influencersoft.com/api/GetAllGoods', $send_data));

// Checking the service response
if(!CheckHash($resp, $user_rs)){
	echo "Error! The response hash is not true!"; print_r($resp);
	exit;
}

if($resp->error_code == 0){
echo “The list of products:”  ;
print_r($resp->result);
}
else
	echo "Error code:{$resp->error_code} - description: {$resp->error_text}";

// =========== Functions of sending, receiving and processing a response ============

// Sending the query to the API service
function Send($url, $data)
{
	$ch = curl_init();
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_URL, $url);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_POST, true);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS, http_build_query($data));
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER, FALSE);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST, 2);
	curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER, true); // outputting the response to the variable

	$res = curl_exec($ch);

	curl_close($ch);
	return $res;
}

// Forming the transferred to the API data hash
function GetHash($params, $user_rs) {
	$params = http_build_query($params);
	$user_id = $user_rs['user_id'];
	$secret = $user_rs['user_rps_key'];
	$params = "$params::$user_id::$secret";
	return md5($params);
}

// Checking the received response hash
function CheckHash($resp, $user_rs) {
	$secret = $user_rs['user_rps_key'];
	$code = $resp->error_code;
	$text = $resp->error_text;
	$hash = md5("$code::$text::$secret");
	if($hash == $resp->hash)
		return true; // the hash is correct
	else
		return false; // the hash is not correct
}

## Articles

#### [AddGood. Creating a New Product](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050671852-AddGood-Creating-a-New-Product)

#### [UpdateGood. Changing the Settings of the Existing Product](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050672212-UpdateGood-Changing-the-Settings-of-the-Existing-Product-)

#### [DeleteGood. Deleting a Product](https://help.influencersoft.com/hc/en-us/articles/360050672152-DeleteGood-Deleting-a-Product)

## Rate Article